#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
altair==5.4.1
    # via streamlit
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bcrypt==4.2.1
    # via
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
    #   streamlit-authenticator
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   streamlit
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
captcha==0.6.0
    # via streamlit-authenticator
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   click
    #   ipython
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
extra-streamlit-components==0.1.71
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-authenticator
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-mysqldb
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-mysqldb==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.55.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
gast==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h5py==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
imutils==0.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   flask
    #   pydeck
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
keras==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
mysqlclient==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-mysqldb
namex==0.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
narwhals==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
optree==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   captcha
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
protobuf==5.28.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==18.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-authenticator
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pywin32==308
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-authenticator
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow-intel
rich==13.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
streamlit==1.40.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   extra-streamlit-components
    #   streamlit-authenticator
    #   streamlit-option-menu
streamlit-authenticator==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-option-menu==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
tensorflow==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-intel==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tomli==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   ipython
    #   optree
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow-intel
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.45.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
